Concord it's good to see you all here at all of our campuses and online so excited that you're here hey this week I had a great opportunity on Wednesday to attend the Joy Club group and man they get together every month and they eat some good food let me just tell you it is worth getting older just to go to that group I'm just telling you so you have some good stuff to look forward to one of the things that
I came up on Wednesday and we had a good time together and I was telling about a story and I want to share it with you guys.
A few years ago I was speaking at a church in Michigan and it was in Midland, Michigan.
So we're right in the state which the name Midland might give you a little hint of what it's like.
And it was a church in Michigan.
I didn't really know what to expect in the church in terms of, you know, was it traditional, was it contemporary, you know, that kind of thing, and what do they expect?
And I was already at the time I was serving and doing ministry in upstate New York, right?
And our ministry in upstate New York was a resort town, resort area.
And many of you know, the ministry that we did was to get the gospel to the winter sports athletes of the world.
And in the summertime, our area, like around here, had a lot of lakes and rivers, a lot of hiking,
There we had a lot of ministry to Ironman triathlon athletes and things like that.
After speaking for a few years at these different conferences I would go to, I would realize because there were missions conferences like Mission Awareness and trying to help people know what God's doing around the world and around the US.
And I began to realize that the missionaries who would speak would all dress in the attire of where they lived, right?
So if they're serving in Africa or Asia or
South America, whatever, they would dress like they're from Mexico or they would dress like they're from any one of the other countries.
So it dawned on me, hey, maybe I can get away with dressing the way I do in the summer in New York.
And in the summer in New York, I would preach with pants on and the shirt and flip flops, right?
Flip flops.
And so I went to this church in Michigan and I, well, I was preaching and they had a pulpit that was, you know, I mean,
Obviously churches can have a table.
Some churches have a wooden pulpit.
They have a cross.
Some have this big pulpit made out of wood or plexiglass or whatever.
But this particular one was a big old fashioned wooden, I mean it was this wide wooden pulpit.
And they had a microphone behind it.
I didn't have one on where I could move around.
So I had to stand right behind this pulpit the whole time so everybody could see me, right?
And I would look to the left and center and look to the right.
I got to finish preaching.
And the chairman of the deacons came up to me and introduced himself as the chairman of the deacons.
And he looked at me and he looked down at my shoes, my feet.
He looked at me again and he said, did you preach in those shoes?
And I said, yes sir.
And he says, good sermon anyway.
Like the kind of shoes you got on determines the message, right?
And so I'm grateful to be part of a church that, uh, you know, it doesn't matter.
Um, that kind of thing.
We want to be dressed modestly, but beyond that.
So there may be on some weeks in the future that have on jeans may have my shirt on top or whatever.
Um, and I hope you'll, uh, we'll allow for that.
But one other thing that I was telling the joy club was that, um, uh, that same church, uh, they have a tradition when they have their fellowship meals, cause we had a meal on that day after I preached.
And I guess I'm surprised they let me eat in flip flops.
But anyway, um, we went through the line and he got our food and then we went to the tables.
Uh, got a drink, you know, um, it was unsweetened tea or water and, um, sit down and then they told me, they said, pastor, you have got to go get your sweets now.
And I'm like, what do you mean?
Well, so first of all, they didn't call dessert dessert at this particular church.
They just called them sweets.
And they said, you got to go get them now and you got to get two.
I'm like, what do you mean?
You got to get them down.
You got to get to because in New York, uh, we were accustomed to after a meal, then you would put on a pot of coffee and then about 30 minutes later, you would have dessert.
They're like, no, if you don't get them now, they're gone.
And so I had to go up there and had those little plastic plates, right?
And I had to pick out the two.
I didn't get one.
I couldn't get zero.
I couldn't even get three.
You had to get just two sweets.
And he just dawned on me how people have some crazy traditions no matter where you go, right?
So you probably have some of those in your family you could talk about.
We're going to look today, if you have your Bible turned to John chapter four, and we'll be there in just a moment, we're going to look today at the subject right on time.
You've probably seen this in your life.
God has seldom early, but he is never late.
He is always right on time.
You may have been praying about something for a long time, thinking about something, wishing for something, and you're wondering, is God ever gonna come through?
Does he know about it?
Does he care?
Does he even hear my prayers?
We're gonna look today at a story about right on time, because people in our world are hurting.
People we love and care for, and guys, because we live in a sinful world, there are
problems, many problems, big problems.
There's heartache and heartbreak, there's disappointment, there's wars, there's struggles, there's crises, there's disease, there's pain, there's death.
You know, in some cases you see where people's financial futures are dwindling away, resources are being drained, relationships are dying, hopes and dreams are shattered, people are physically hurting and dying, and people are spiritually dying.
So how are we going to help them?
Listen, how are we individually and as a family and collectively as a church, how are we going to help them?
And a good question to ask is does God care about their situation?
Some of you may be saying, does God care about my situation?
Does He even know what I'm going through?
Does He know what's going on in our lives?
What can we do to help them?
And what will He do?
Could I ask you to stand please for the reading of God's word?
A powerful story here from John chapter four beginning in verse 43.
The Bible says, after two days, he left there for Galilee.
Jesus himself had testified that a prophet has no honor in his own country.
When they entered Galilee, the Galileans welcomed him because they had seen everything he did in Jerusalem during the festival, for they had also gone to the festival.
He went again to Cana of Galilee, where he had turned the water into wine.
There was a certain royal official whose son was ill at Capernaum.
When this man heard that Jesus had come from Judea into Galilee, he went to him, and he pleaded with him to come down and heal his son, since he was about to die.
Jesus told him, unless you people see signs and wonders, you will not believe.
The official said to him, come down before my boy dies.
Go, Jesus told him, your son will live.
The man believed what Jesus said to him and departed.
While he was still going down, his servants met him saying that his boy was alive.
He asked them at what time he got better.
Yesterday at one in the afternoon, the fever left him, they answered.
The father realized that this was the very hour.
right on time.
It was Jesus had told him, your son will live.
So he believed, he himself believed along with his whole household.
Now this was the second sign Jesus performed after he came from Judea to Galilee.
Let's pray together.
Lord Jesus, we may be going through it right now and we need you to show up right on time.
Maybe we know someone else at our school
in our community, in our home, and our place of work that needs you to show up right on time.
Jesus, we pray that through this scripture, you would teach us and show us how amazing you are.
You hear, you care, you heal.
Father, help us to believe.
Since Jesus' name, we pray.
Amen.
So,
You know, as a dad, know how this guy must have felt.
Man, I mean, our first son was born, and he was born a month early.
And we did everything we could to make sure he had the medical care he needed.
As a matter of fact, we're grateful that he was born in Metro Atlanta with really good hospitals.
Matter of fact, didn't even have to transfer hospitals.
He was able to go straight from the delivery room
And where they try to put him into just into the nursery there, right into the NICU.
And they took care of him a week.
His lungs developed.
And today he is physically fit.
He's 21 years old.
He is this workout beast.
And he goes by the Instagram, grant the animal.
So if you want to find him, grant the animal.
He's the most humble kid you'll ever meet in all your life.
But his lungs weren't developed.
And but praise God right that we had that well when Grant was about six years old His little brother Andy's three and Andy's the one that's always getting hurt and just into everything jumping over jumping off You know cliffs and all this kind of good stuff just hundred miles an hour and I had been at the Bible study at the Olympic Training Center I got home Emma was already born so Grant was six and something a little bit over six and so six three and less than one and
And and I get home and and my wife says Andy's bleeding and it won't stop He was bleeding on top of his head And she she was like it just happened sort of recently and he had run down the stairs and hit a corner You know on a wall right there and just boom I mean just you know clean cut just sliced it so I
Grab Grant, six-year-old, and Andy, three-year-old, and we jumped in the car and we went to the emergency room, which actually was just right across the street from our house, and we're there.
Let me just give you guys some parenting advice for those of you who have young kids.
This is not a good way to go to the emergency room.
When the doctor looks at you and says, how did this happen?
As the adult, you should probably know the answer.
because I didn't really know the answer.
And so I looked at my six-year-old and said, how did your three-year-old brother get hurt?
The reason that's not a good answer is because the next thing they could have said is, Mr. Spain, stay right here.
We will have someone coming to see you, defects, child protective services.
But they didn't.
They realized, and I explained the situation.
But they looked at Andy, and they looked at me, and they said, listen, it's a clean cut.
not going to need probably one maybe two stitches.
We can give him a shot of Novocaine on top of his head and it'll hurt a little bit and then you know dead in the pain, numb it and then give him stitches or we can do a surgical staple.
I said and they said the pain will be about the same.
I said man give the kid the staple and so they grabbed his head and they grabbed their staple and went and gave him a staple right there.
Andy thought he was the coolest kid, man.
For the next month, you just go around, he thought he was like Frankenstein or something, you know, he'd show, he'd have all the kids at school, you know.
Usually it's the kids with the bus cut, they're like, you know, you want to fill their head.
Now Andy wanted everybody to fill a staple, fill a staple in his head.
So that, you know, explains my kids, well, I can understand if this father in this story has a son who is literally deathly ill, he is going to do anything he can, even walk.
16 miles from Capernaum to Cana to walk that distance to plead with Jesus to try to see if his son can be healed.
So again, we said at the beginning, either us or people we know hurting, crisis, need God to show up right on time.
It may be financial, it may be relational, it may be spiritual,
What are we gonna do?
Let's learn from this text.
Here's number one.
Number one, right on time, Jesus hears your cries for help.
Jesus hears your cries for help.
I've heard people say this way, man, God has so many big things to do in the world.
I mean, we got crisis in the Middle East and all throughout other parts of the world.
We got people who are hungry and literally starving
There's diseases that are plaguing nations.
There's the need for water.
There's human trafficking.
There's all these huge worldwide problems.
Of course, God cares about those.
My first people said this way, well, if God's got all these big problems in the world, does He even care about me?
Do my problems even show up on His register, on His radar at all?
And the answer is yes.
And we'll see that from this text.
In verse 43, it says, after two days of being in Samaria, talking and bringing salvation to the Samaritan woman and all the people there that believed in him, after two days he left there for Galilee.
So he went on to Galilee.
Then there's a short commentary about Jesus saying, hey, he himself had testified that promise has no honor in his own country.
And it can be a challenge sometime, quite frankly, for people doing ministry in their own hometown.
Verse 45 says, when they entered Galilee,
The Galilee has welcomed him.
Now think about this because it says they were with him in Jerusalem.
They saw some of the things he did there.
The reason they got back to Galilee before him, they all traveled after the festival is he went through Samaria and he did ministry there.
They went on home.
But then he caught up with them in Galilee.
And so there's all these people that are there.
This illustrates the point that why would Jesus take time to hear the cry of a guy from Capernaum
who just walks to Cana, because it says he went again to Cana, verse number 46, where he had turned the water into wine.
That's the miracle that you'll read about earlier in John's Gospel chapter two.
And there was a certain royal official whose son was ill at Capernaum.
And when this man heard that Jesus had come from Judea into Galilee, he went to him, and pleaded with him to come down and heal his son since he was about to die.
So I want to make the point from this text that there's a lot of people around
And a lot of stuff going on, but Jesus takes time to hear the cry, depleting, it says, of this man on behalf of his son.
You might say the man is interceding for him.
We would do that today through prayer.
We might call it intercessory prayer when we're praying on behalf of someone else.
We're praying to God.
We are saying, God, I want you to hear my cry for help about
on behalf of them.
But God also hears the Christ when you cry out to him.
You know, I've even heard people say this way, man, I feel like sometimes my prayers don't even get, I mean, they don't get out of this room.
They don't get above the ceiling.
And I always say, good news for you, God can hear inside the room.
God is here inside the room.
But God hears your cries for help.
And so don't be discouraged.
Don't lose heart.
Don't stop crying out to God.
He hears your cries for help.
And I might say this way, you know, if there's a problem of a health related issue, absolutely we want you to go to the doctor.
You should go to the doctor.
But may I suggest, before you go, on the way, pause and pray.
You got a financial issue, absolutely seek out the best people and resources to help solve this financial challenge.
But how about pause and pray and cry out to God, God help me.
Relational issues, parents with children, husbands and wives, friends that are somehow at odds.
How do you handle those?
These conversations that we had and counseling, all sorts of helps.
But let's pause and pray and cry out to God and say God help.
Because if we want God to show up right on time, let's make sure we are putting our attention towards God.
Jesus is the one who shows up right on time.
Let's make sure we're putting our attention to Him.
And most of all, if somebody is lost, spiritually lost, I mean, maybe people that you've been thinking over the last few weeks, people you've been praying for, people you see around town, in your community, at your school, and your man, I want them to know Christ.
Won't you pray and pray for them?
Jesus hears your cries for help.
So I don't know what you're going through today.
Man, I don't know what last week was for you.
I know what it was for me.
Every week has its challenges, right?
Some big, some small.
I don't know what this week holds.
Sometimes we can anticipate what this week might hold, because we know some things that are coming.
May I just encourage you in all of it, cry out to God.
He hears your cries for help.
We see this over and over in the scripture.
Zacchaeus that we looked at a few weeks ago.
Out of all the people there in Jericho, on that day, Jesus heard Zacchaeus, he knew where he was, he saw him, he called him by name, and he brought salvation.
There's another place that tells us that Jesus surrounded by a crowd of people one day, people bumping into him all the time, but this one lady touches the hymn of his garment, and he pauses, and this lady who had been sick for many years, he brings healing to her body.
Jesus hears your cries for help.
Number two, Jesus cares enough to speak.
Jesus cares enough to speak.
Look at verse 48.
Jesus told him, see Jesus talking, unless you people see signs and wonders, you will not believe.
Now, if Jesus would have been from the south, he'd have said unless y'all see signs and wonders, you will not believe.
If Jesus was in northeast, he'd have said unless you guys
see signs and wonders you will not believe.
From the upper Midwest unless you guys would have seen or maybe New Jersey depends on where you're from, you will not believe.
If he's from Texas, he would have said unless all of y'all see signs and wonders.
I always wonder about the people from Texas, man.
Some of you guys are probably from Texas.
How many alls can you put in a thing?
Unless all of y'all, unless all of you all, I get it.
You will not believe.
Sir, the official told him, come down before my boy dies.
Go, Jesus told him, your son will live.
The man departed.
The man believed what Jesus said to him and departed.
Jesus cares enough to speak.
So I want you to see this.
You see this in the text.
Jesus cares enough to talk to this man.
So if point number one is all about us crying out to the Lord in prayer, point number two is about us saying, God, will you speak to me?
And I'm saying to you, yes, he will.
And God is going to speak to you through his word.
God is going to speak to you through his word.
This is why we say, we say it's a concord.
We want you personally to be daily interacting with God by reading his word.
This daily habit, discipline, practice, whatever you want to call it.
will be life changing to you.
Now sure, there's a lot of ways you can ask God to speak to you, even through His Word.
I mean, the answer nowadays, if you need an answer, what are you gonna do?
On anything?
You Google it, or you YouTube it.
I mean, that's the way to do it.
But if you jump on YouTube and you type in, I need God to speak to me through YouTube, it'll be crazy.
It'll be crazy what you'll find.
You may get some good stuff, you may get some crazy stuff.
Even if you just ask a question, you're like, hey, I get something going on.
I want to know what God's word says about this.
Let me give you an example of how you could abuse this just asking Google instead of the read and read reading God's word.
Let's say you're praying and saying, God, do you want me to move jobs or not?
Do you want me to move jobs and move word move is a key word to you.
Do you want me to leave this job and go to another?
And so you Google.
God, what does the Bible say about leaving?
You're going to have a whole bunch of verses about leaving.
But maybe then you say, but what does the Bible say about staying?
Well, you have a whole bunch of verses about staying.
So now you're going to be just completely confused because the Bible says leave and the Bible says stay.
Rather than approaching that situation that way, how about just regularly reading God's word?
Because when you do that, God will show up just on time.
I give the example of this.
You may be reading in Genesis.
Somebody else may be reading in Psalms on any given day.
Somebody else may be reading in the Gospels.
Somebody else reading in one of the letters of Paul.
And they could be praying about a similar situation and God speak to them through His Word in the same way.
You know why that is?
It's because God is so gracious to us that He repeats some of these themes in a different way.
There's some people that really relate to the history and the law parts of the Bible.
That's just how they're wired.
Other people, man, the stories just really inspire them.
Some people, I always pick on worship leaders, Philip, I always pick on worship leaders.
They think that Psalms is the only book in the Bible, man.
I mean, there's like 65 other books.
You know this, right?
I pick on every worship leader about that.
And some people would say that the letters of Paul that are just instruction, very practical instruction really speak to me.
The regular reading of God's word.
This is why I say I don't care what your plan is, just get a plan and stick to it.
Regularly reading God's word.
Even in my life, I'll give testimony.
This past couple of weeks, there's been some things I've really been praying about and needing God's direction.
and just really forgot to speak to me about these situations and man just do the regular reading of God's word.
God has given me words of encouragement, hope, help, and instruction and guidance right on time.
And so this man on this day, Jesus talks to him.
Jesus cares enough to speak and Jesus will care enough to speak to you too.
Number three, Jesus heals the dying people.
Jesus heals the dying people.
This boy is ill.
He's almost dead.
Verse 51 though, while he was still going down, this is the man going back down the road.
His servants, the ones who worked for him, met him saying that his boy was alive.
He asked them at what time he got better.
Yesterday at one in the afternoon, the fever left him.
They answered, we'll get to verse 43, 53 in just a second.
Jesus heals the dying people.
My question to you is, do you really believe that?
Do you really believe that Jesus can take a person who is emotionally wounded and bring healing to them?
Do you really think that Jesus can take financial situations, health situations, marriage situations, parent and child situations and bring healing?
Do you really believe that Jesus can take a lost man and give him eternal life?
Do you really believe that?
Because, quite frankly, every story in the Bible that shows Jesus bringing physical healing to someone is a story that is demonstrating.
In this text, it says it's a sign.
That's what verse 54 says.
This is the second sign about who Jesus is.
It's a sign that He is the Messiah.
He is God in the flesh.
He is the deliverer.
He is the Savior.
He is the one who came to live a perfect life
to die for us on the cross, to pay the penalty for our sins, to go to the grave on the third day to rise back to life and to offer salvation, eternal life for everyone who will believe.
Because quite frankly, about this boy, this boy grew up.
Do you know that he died one day?
He did.
This boy, like every person, needs Jesus.
not only to be their physical healer, but to be the one who heals their soul.
And so I ask you, do you really believe that it's Jesus who heals the dying people?
That people's answer really is Jesus.
With our kids, I don't know how you were as a parent, how you get their attention.
With our kids, you know, some people, it's like a little whistle, right?
It's like a, you know, or, you know, a little noise with a mouth, and other people, it's, you know, different things, and some people, it's just a look.
I've heard Mark Lowry, the singer, talk about how his mom sat in the choir, playing the piano, and I just looked at him, and he's like, oh, man, I'm in trouble.
For us, it was, for me, when our kids were little, it was a snap.
Just a little snap.
And I didn't realize how powerful that was, and how much they listened to that, until one day I was preaching,
And three kids sitting right about right here with my wife.
And all of a sudden I was just making a point about how God through His Holy Spirit will bring a spiritual light bulb in.
And all of a sudden my three kids do they thought they were in trouble.
They weren't in trouble at all.
I was just trying to make a point on that day.
I don't know how God might need to get your attention or somebody else's attention.
But the bottom line is when people are hurting,
disappointment heartache disease war struggle pain conflict failure all these things we things that we say are leading to death we need to see and point them to Jesus help them to see that Jesus is the one who heals the dying people and he can do it right on time right on time he will do it right on time when they in this man on this day it happens that one
PM he says in the afternoon.
Let's move on to verse 53.
Because when Jesus hears your cries for help and cares enough to speak and heals the dying people, here's why Jesus does it.
He does it because Jesus wants you to believe.
Verse 53, the Father realized this was the very hour at which Jesus had told him, your son will live.
So he himself believed along with his whole household.
Now this is also
was the second sign Jesus performed after he came from Judea to Galilee.
Jesus wants you to believe.
He wants you to believe.
He wants you to believe that he can heal.
He wants you to believe that he will heal.
He wants you to put your eternal trust in him.
I'm about to tell you a tragic story because it didn't end the way I wish it would have, but it illustrates how God would want us to be used by him to plant seeds for the gospel.
So when we were serving in New York, one of the groups of folks that were there were some families that had moved over from Bosnia, Yugoslavia area.
They were all related to one another.
Very active in the community, own lots of businesses, very productive and part of our community in a lot of ways.
Became friends of mine.
We would play basketball together.
One night I was leading the Bible study Olympic Training Center and I got a phone call from one of our members
that one of the college students of that Bosnian community had passed away tragically had taken his own life.
For their community, I mean they were really.
There's a couple hundred people in their community just of extended family, just a lot of people and they were hurting really bad.
sort of traditions were that when something like that would happen, the women and the young children would all gather at one location and the men and the teenage boys would all gather at another location, just sort of the way that they dealt with the immediate shock of the grieving.
So I drove over, I knew where they lived, and I actually bumped into some of the brothers and cousins of this young man who had died out on their street.
And they said, Derek, come with us.
I'm like, where we're going?
They said, come with us.
And we're going to one of the restaurants.
So it's one of the restaurants that they own.
And I've been to it many times before because it was a, they serve pizza and pasta and all they thought they served there.
But I walked into this place and it was filled with people who had seen around town.
I'd never seen them all in one place together.
But I realized when I walked into that room that I was the only person who spoke English only.
I was the only person who was born in America
And I was the only Christian in the room because these Bosnians had grown up with Islam.
They'd grown up as Muslims, they'd grown Islam as their family religion.
They weren't practicing Muslims, but when I had asked them many times, you know, are you Christian?
What religion are you?
They would say we're Muslim.
The reason this story is tragic is because I wish I could tell you that on that day, many people gave their lives to Christ.
They didn't.
As a matter of fact, I didn't even know if, I mean, I was nervous, y'all.
I was nervous going into the room because I didn't know if they were gonna accept me or not, want me there.
As a matter of fact, when these college young men, you know, escorted me into the room, immediately was ushered to a table now.
This first part is really interesting.
Just like every people, nation of the world, during a time like that, they eat a lot of food.
And man, they were bringing me food after food, after food, meat that I had no idea what I was eating.
All these vegetables prepared in a very traditional sort of Russian, Slovak, Bosnian kind of a way, right?
And so I tried to eat a little bit and if I liked something, then they, I was thinking they would be satisfied that I ate something, but no, they would bring me more of that.
And so like at 10 o'clock at night, they're just like stuffing me full of food.
One of the guys about my age that I knew pretty well, he came over and greeted me very warmly.
One of the grandfathers of the group, he was sort of one of the patriarchs of this family.
I saw that I could see, you know, you can sort of see what's going on.
The other older men would go in and I could see they were having a little conversation.
And basically what was happening is they were saying, is that guy okay to be here?
And my buddy would say yes, and then they would sort of nod.
and then you know they would be okay.
So they welcomed me and I thought it was a great privilege and an honor that they did.
Again the story is tragic because on that day I didn't even have any words of hope to give them about this young man's eternity.
The hope I had to give them was about their own if they would believe.
I had a conversation one of the other cousins you would say young men
He wanted to come over and basically, he wanted to debate Christianity and Islam with me for like 30 minutes.
I didn't get into a debate, but I did share him the truth in the hope of the gospel.
And here's what I pray, guys.
I pray that on that day, they saw somebody who was a Christian that loved them.
That Jesus loved them enough to come into their brokenness and to offer hope.
I pray that the seeds of the gospel, the love that was shared by my presence, by my care that I asked God to help me show will one day result in people being in heaven.
I pray that God would continue to bring Christians into their lives and intersect at different points so that they can understand the truth and they will connect the dots spiritually.
and go, oh yeah, all the way back then when that happened, that's what Derek was doing.
He was trying to help us to see and to believe in Jesus.
So this week, how will you step in to the brokenness that's all around us?
This week, would you take time to hear someone's cry for help?
If we're gonna be like Jesus, we need to hear their cry for help.
We need to allow
God to speak through us and encourage people to look to him in his word.
We need to point them to Jesus who is the ultimate healer.
Point them to him.
Get them the help they need.
Get them to Jesus.
Believe that Jesus can heal and provide right on time.
Let's pray together.
Heads are bowed and eyes are closed.
Let me ask you first of all, are you a
follower of Jesus.
Are you a believer?
Are you saved?
If you are, then I hope God has spoken to you through His Word today and that this week you will be aware of the needs around you.
It may be in your own life that God has spoken to you this morning and you need to believe and to look to Him and believe that He can provide and He can heal right on time.
It is the believer you may also need to go this week to others and be the hands and feet of Jesus and point others to him.
Showing them that he hears, he cares, he speaks through his word and he will bring healing about the situation and ultimately eternal healing, salvation through Christ.
And so now I ask you if you're here,
at any of our campuses or watching online in this room.
And you need to know Jesus as your Lord and Savior.
My first question is, would you receive Him by faith right now as Lord and Savior?
If you need to be saved, then right now would you crowd to God in prayer and just say, dear Jesus, save me.
And if you just did that in just a moment, when we stand and we sing,
Could I ask you to come to myself, or one of our other pastors, leaders here up front, and just say, today I'm giving my life to Christ?
There may be others.
You've given your life to Christ recently, but you have never been baptized.
And you need to make that commitment to the Lord, to be baptized soon.
Could I ask you, when we stand, to come to myself again, or one of our other pastors, and say, I need to get scheduled for baptism very soon?
There's others of you.
You may say, I want to be a member of this church.
When we stand, I'm asking you to come and let us know that as well.
There may also be others.
You may feel compelled to come to the front to pray about a situation that you're going through or a situation that somebody else is going through.
And you want to come and just kneel here and pray and say, God, I want to pray that you will provide and bring healing.
right on time.
It would be awesome if this front was just flooded with people who are praying for themselves and for others in that way.
So I'm gonna invite you if God leads you and he touches your heart about that.
Would you come and pray?
Feel the freedom to do that this morning.
So I wanna pray and then you respond as God's will you respond.
Dear Jesus, we thank you.
You do provide, you bring healing right on time.
Help each one of us to respond this day
at your leading us to respond.
For salvation, baptism, church membership, or prayer, in Jesus' name we pray, amen.
Standing please, you come.